= terrimporter - terrific javascript, css and image importer

This package contains terrimporter, a simple command line utility to help import terrific (http://www.terrifically.org/)
files such as javascripts, css files and images into your web project.

terrimporter has the following features:

* Import the generated base.js file
* Import the generated base.css file
* Configure the export settings for the generated files
* Import dynamic javascript libraries
* Import arbitrary css files (ie.css for eample)
* Import images with the option to filter file endings
* String and regex replacement in css files
* Definable target directories

== Installation

=== Gem Installation

You need sudo to install terrimporter if you're not using a ruby version manager like rvm for example.
It is strongly encouraged to use such a ruby version management tool in order to install the gem without sudo rights.
Download and install terrimporter with the following.

   gem install terrimporter



== Usage

=== Simple Example

terrimporter operates on a working directory bases.
Start with cd-ing into your project directory:

    $ cd /your/project/dir

Initialize the terrimporter configuration file afterwards:

    $ terrimporter --init

You can move the configuration file to the following subdirectoris afterwards if desired:

    * config
    * .config

This creates a .yml config file.
The file itself is well documented and only needs a few adjustments in order to work properly with your project.

Afterwards a few simple commands allow you to import terrific files into your local project.

* Import all files
    $ terrimporter -a
* Import javascript files
    $ terrimporter -j
* Import css files
    $ terrimporter -c
* Import image files
    $ terrimporter -i

A complete set of commands is available with
    $ terrimporter -h

Common options:
    -a, --all                        export everything configured; javascripts, css files and images
    -c, --css                        export configured css files
    -i, --img                        export configured image files
    -j, --js                         export configured javascript files
        --init [CONFIG_EXISTS]       create configuration file in current working directory. use optional argument to force file replacement (backup, replace)
    -f, --config CONFIG_FILE         use alternative configuration file

Additional configuration:
    -v, --[no-]verbose               run verbosely
        --version                    Show version
    -h, --help                       display this help and exit


== Contributing to terrimporter
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Daniel Kummer. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

= Other stuff

Author::   Daniel Kummer <daniel.kummer@gmail.com>
Requires:: Ruby 1.8.7 or later

== Warranty

This software is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantibility and fitness for a particular
purpose.


